Oh God oh now it's closed Maya this is
my new bike it purchased last week I
trade it in my other bike and ride 25
miles to work so I'm getting a lot of
wind from my other bike guys get a lot
of wind coming up over hey newbie Louie
dogs are going does still recording yeah
okay I purchase Mike good girl good girl
this is Gracie yeah this is Gracie
this is Louie her barking did you get
all muddy they're parking at the
for a walk this is a bike a purchase
last week like I said I got rid of my
other bike because I was just getting
too much plan and I was right 25 miles
to work I want a full fairing so this
bike will take me the retirement 2013
f6b gold point a new model out and come
on over here dad dad's recording for me
I'm going to show you how to open these
trucks come on over here you take this
key here that's how you open these
trucks take the key here you stick it in
here and you turn it and you come over
here and you pull this lever here that
opens up the side trunk now this is a
full-size helmet this is a full-size
helmet here look at that that's right in
there just barely fits but it's a nice
roomy trunk I want to show you that nice
so it it makes a great storage place for
put my jacket and helmet stuff and to
lock it back up you just do it like that
there's one on the other side too so I
have two nice large storage then you
come over here have to turn on the
stereo for you it's got a stereo on this
beat control go speed control on this
one I might build a tit press this
button it tells you down so outdoor
temperature I have to be willing it
won't start with kickstand now it's a
nice feature
will tell you out for sure
in the Sun here
okay walk trot it's got preset stations
there it's got heated hand grips right
here there's a button here for i rode
last night it was a 39 degrees I put
note I'd had no leather chaps on I just
rode like this 25 miles
my legs were cool but they were not cold
I am not getting any wind on my legs
that the fairing the wind goes right
around your legs so they were cool but
they were not cold got nice heated hand
grips which I like I've got a
compartment here where I can put things
the garage door opener and stuff um put
the key in over here we got a lot
compartment here nice place to put
storage also what else is there no cup
holders no cup holders
lights the headlights are I put these
spot mirrors on because I like to see
who's right next to me now if you come
over here and you see the headlights
you know the Frog hermit hood life
really lights up the road at night which
is important to make it I work nights so
yeah really nice headlights here there's
blinkers and that is it 2013 new f6b
Goldwing